Upgrade dependencies 2025-02-03 (#6874) (#6892)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

There are ways to dynamically determine the latest AMI released by CIS under the
subscription but in the spirit of reproducible builds, we would rather pin the
AMI ID and adopt updates at our own discretion to avoid unexpected failures.

> Note that the AMI versioning scheme (e.g., `v01`, `v11`) indicates the month of

Reviewer: The backquotes need to be doubled up.

Reviewer: By our standards, this documentation change needs to be in a separate commit.

> release, and not a sequential release number. For example, `v01` representing
> January of the current year is newer than `v12` (December) of the previous year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release, and is not a monotonically increasing value. For example, `v01` representing
January of the current year is newer than `v12` (December) of the previous year.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release, and not a sequential release number. 
```

The second sentence isn't generally true, a `v01` release may or may not be older than a `v12` release. Then again, this should be immediately apparent to a reasonable person, so I don't think the example is necessary.
